Come on.
Huang Yun, is this the practice you are proud of?
Bad kill him kill him
Kill him! Kill him!
Kill him!
The villain actually doesn't use the pill title to save the beauty
You can't win
Wait until you die
Let's talk about the souls of the dead who are with you
What pills are you taking?
Why is there demonic energy gathering demonic energy between the eyebrows?
Nonsense
Where did the magic come from?
But you didn't expect this blue cloud curl brown
And a beautiful cockroach like you
I heard that all of you are women
It is better to submit to my Ba Dao Sect
We will spare you from death
How dare you insult Shangguan Jiolou?
Court death, etc.
Hurt deeper
Go ahead.
No matter what, when the master comes back, I will delay the time.
Want me to submit to the domineering door
It depends on whether you have the ability.
Hahaha enough
I like it.
Today I will make you submit to my feet